# Traffic

## Experimentation Process

In my first experiment, I tried only using one single layer for the convulational (32 filters, 3x3 kernel) and pooling layer (with 2,2 pool size), added with one single hidden layer and a dropout of 50% just by default (referring to the source code in handwriting.py). However, the result was bad as after 10 epoch, it was only 5.35% accurate which is extremely bad. As a result, I tried adding some more layers for both the convulational and pooling layer with the same default value as before. When there are two convulational layers and two pooling layer, the accuracy was preety good for about 90.57% after 10 epoch. However, adding more layers does not necessary makes it better, as when I added another convulational and pooling layer, the accuracy dropped to 85.68%. It seems that 2 layers work preety fine, so I stick with 2 convulational and 2 pooling layers for the rest of the experiment.

Next, I exprimented with the number of dropouts (continuing using 2 layers from my previous 90.57% result). When I increase the number of dropouts to 70%, the accuracy dropped down to 67.92%, which was what I expected. I then tried to decrease the number of dropouts down to 30%, and the result was better (as expected) with 92.66% accuracy. Adding more sample by further dropping down the dropout rate down to 10% only did make the accuracy slightly better of 96.63% and 95.13% when tried twice, so I decided to settle with 0.1 dropout rate, still ensuring that there are some sample for testing purposes and to prevent overfitting (though the loading of the files definitely will take longer). Then, I tried to increase the pool size for the pooling layer but it did not work well. Furthermore, I also tried increasing the number of filters in all layers to 64 (double the amount) and it makes the accuracy increases up to 97.10%, which was the best so far. Finally, I tested once again using the same setting, and I got the final acuracy of 96.69% and a small loss of 0.1252, which makes up my final version for this project.
